readme.md, before:

brendanmurty.com
=======

## About ##

Here's my entire [personal website](http://brendanmurty.com) built on [Kirby CMS](https://github.com/bastianallgeier/kirbycms), coded in [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com) and hosted by [Digital Ocean](http://digitalocean.com).

I've built a customised [pulse feed](/site/snippets/libs_list.php#L3) on the [home page](/site/templates/home.php#L9) to show my recent public activity on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/brendanmurty), [GitHub](https://github.com/brendanmurty) and [Instagram](http://instagram.com/highhorser).

## Why ##

I was inspired by [Brad Frost](https://github.com/bradfrost)'s [TED talk](https://twitter.com/brad_frost/status/476515058738925568) about being open by default. If you haven't seen this talk yet, I'd recommend investing half an hour to [watch the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rW9vTrN6OU) and read the [blog post](http://bradfrostweb.com/blog/post/creative-exhaust/).

As I'm self-taught, engaging with the [community](https://twitter.com/brendanmurty/lists/web-design/members), [listening to inspirational people](http://boagworld.com/show) and [reading about new techniques](https://signalvnoise.com/programming) helped me turn my passion in to my career.

I hope a budding web developer can learn something new from what I've done here and start their own career. Hopefully I can give back to the community that has taught me so much over the last few years.

## License ##

All files in this repository are licensed under the [CSS-Tricks License](/license.md). This was created by [Chris Coyier](https://github.com/chriscoyier/) and his attitude on the open web should be an inspiration for us all.

Commit message:

Improve internal links and add contribute section.

readme.md, after:

brendanmurty.com
=======

## About ##

Here's my entire [personal website](http://brendanmurty.com) built on [Kirby CMS](https://github.com/bastianallgeier/kirbycms), coded in [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com) and hosted by [Digital Ocean](http://digitalocean.com).

I've built a customised [pulse feed](https://github.com/brendanmurty/website/tree/master/site/snippets/libs_list.php#L3) on the [home page](https://github.com/brendanmurty/website/tree/master/site/templates/home.php#L9) to show my recent public activity on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/brendanmurty), [GitHub](https://github.com/brendanmurty) and [Instagram](http://instagram.com/highhorser).

## Why ##

I was inspired by [Brad Frost](https://github.com/bradfrost)'s [TED talk](https://twitter.com/brad_frost/status/476515058738925568) about being open by default. If you haven't seen this talk yet, I'd recommend investing half an hour to [watch the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rW9vTrN6OU) and read the [blog post](http://bradfrostweb.com/blog/post/creative-exhaust/).

As I'm self-taught, engaging with the [community](https://twitter.com/brendanmurty/lists/web-design/members), [listening to inspirational people](http://boagworld.com/show) and [reading about new techniques](https://signalvnoise.com/programming) helped me turn my passion in to my career.

I hope a budding web developer can learn something new from what I've done here and start their own career. Hopefully I can give back to the community that has taught me so much over the last few years.

## Contribute ##

If you have an idea for an update or have found a bug, please [submit a new issue](https://github.com/brendanmurty/website/issues/new?assignee=brendanmurty). I'm also tracking my work on the website in the [issues section](https://github.com/brendanmurty/website/issues).

## License ##

All files in this repository are licensed under the [CSS-Tricks License](https://github.com/brendanmurty/website/tree/master/license.md). This was created by [Chris Coyier](https://github.com/chriscoyier/) and his attitude on the open web should be an inspiration for us all.
