content/02-about/about.md, before:

Title: About
----
Text:

I'm a Web Developer with over five years of commercial experience in many areas of website development, training and management. I'm proficient with various front-end and back-end platforms and programming languages. I strive to learn improved methods and techniques to solve complex problems for clients.

I created an [open-source](https://bitbucket.org/brendanmurty/upcomingtasks.com) responsive [Basecamp 2](https://basecamp.com/) client called [UpcomingTasks](https://upcomingtasks.com) to easily manage tasks on smaller devices. As of September 2015, the system has around 1000 active users.

I share my thoughts on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/brendanmurty), post photos to [Instagram](https://instagram.com/brendan.murty), track music statistics on [Last.fm](http://www.last.fm/user/brendanmurty) and manage my code on [GitHub](https://github.com/brendanmurty) and [Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/brendanmurty/).

I enjoy spending time with [family](http://islamurty.com/) and friends, [playing games](http://steamcommunity.com/id/brendanmurty) and reviewing [schnitzels](http://schnitmydadsays.com/).

Commit message:

Add "Diablo 3" and "Starcraft 2" profile links

content/02-about/about.md, after:

Title: About
----
Text:

I'm a Web Developer with over five years of commercial experience in many areas of website development, training and management. I'm proficient with various front-end and back-end platforms and programming languages. I strive to learn improved methods and techniques to solve complex problems for clients.

I created an [open-source](https://bitbucket.org/brendanmurty/upcomingtasks.com) responsive [Basecamp 2](https://basecamp.com/) client called [UpcomingTasks](https://upcomingtasks.com) to easily manage tasks on smaller devices. As of September 2015, the system has around 1000 active users.

I share my thoughts on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/brendanmurty), post photos to [Instagram](https://instagram.com/brendan.murty), track music statistics on [Last.fm](http://www.last.fm/user/brendanmurty) and manage my code on [GitHub](https://github.com/brendanmurty) and [Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/brendanmurty/).

I enjoy spending time with [family](http://islamurty.com/) and friends, reviewing [schnitzels](http://schnitmydadsays.com/) and playing [Diablo 3](http://us.battle.net/d3/en/profile/murty-1877/career), [Starcraft 2](http://sea.battle.net/sc2/en/profile/148220/1/murty/) and other games on [Steam](http://steamcommunity.com/id/brendanmurty).
